font-family = "JetBrains Mono Nerd Font"
font-size = 16
theme = tokyonight
cursor-style = block
adjust-cell-height = 0%
background-opacity = 0.80
mouse-hide-while-typing = true
mouse-scroll-multiplier = 1.5
macos-titlebar-style = hidden
window-padding-balance = true
window-save-state = always
window-colorspace = "display-p3"
cursor-style-blink = true
shell-integration = zsh
window-padding-x = 2,4
window-padding-y = 0
clipboard-read = allow
clipboard-write = allow
quit-after-last-window-closed = true
confirm-close-surface = false
copy-on-select = true
macos-option-as-alt = right
auto-update = off
